source/includes/_introduction.md, before:

# Introduction

The Aliseeks API is a public [REST](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer) API. Our API allows retrieval of Aliseeks
data under different resource URLs and uses HTTP Response Codes to indicate API errors. We support cross-origin resource sharing,
allowing you to interact securely with our API from a client web application.

Aliseeks API feeds data from has two primary sources.

* A periodically updated data source called **non real-time data**

* A very frequently updated data source called **real-time data**.

Aliseeks API provides AliExpress search, product details with variations, and freight information. You can view request
and response samples of each API operation. If you encounter any problems using this API, please contact
our development team at **alex@aliseeks.com** .

![slack](slack_16.png) [**Join our Slack channel**](https://join.slack.com/t/aliseeks/shared_invite/enQtNDg3NTQ1OTQ0MjExLWQwOTkyYjIxYjc1NjI0YjMwNTYzMmEyYTViMTlhNjhjOWNlMWIyOTNmNTViYzQzZmQ5YzFiZTgxYjM3OWRkZmM)

Commit message:

🇦🇩 Adding status dashboard and 🔧 fixing variations API

source/includes/_introduction.md, after:

# Introduction

The Aliseeks API is a public [REST](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer) API. Our API allows retrieval of Aliseeks
data under different resource URLs and uses HTTP Response Codes to indicate API errors. We support cross-origin resource sharing,
allowing you to interact securely with our API from a client web application.

Aliseeks API feeds data from has two primary sources.

* A periodically updated data source called **non real-time data**

* A very frequently updated data source called **real-time data**.

Aliseeks API provides AliExpress search, product details with variations, and freight information. You can view request
and response samples of each API operation. If you encounter any problems using this API, please contact
our development team at **alex@aliseeks.com** .

Check out live status of the API by visiting our [**public API status dashboard**](https://status.aliseeks.com/d/yYBGQYEiz/aliseeks-api-status?refresh=10s&orgId=2&kiosk=1).

![slack](slack_16.png) [**Join our Slack channel**](https://join.slack.com/t/aliseeks/shared_invite/enQtNDg3NTQ1OTQ0MjExLWQwOTkyYjIxYjc1NjI0YjMwNTYzMmEyYTViMTlhNjhjOWNlMWIyOTNmNTViYzQzZmQ5YzFiZTgxYjM3OWRkZmM)
